HOW TO GET YOUR FLAIR BUMPED UP-GUIDE
So you have white flair and want to get into trading. There are a few things you should know. You can’t trade everything yet, certain rules and restrictions apply depending on your flair. You can trade everything if you have blue flair (5+ confirmed trades), but there are a lot of things you can trade with grey flair (1+ confirmed trade). Getting that one trade is the hardest for most people, but that’s what this guide is for.
You have a few options here. All those options have trading through the Steam Trading Window in them. The idea is that you either trade a game for something else or something valuable for a game.
You can get games on the Steam Store. To be able to trade them you need to choose to add them to your inventory when checking out your order. Games activated to your account can’t be traded. After that you have to wait 30**!** days for them to be tradable. You can gift them to people in that time, but you’re not allowed to do that if you don’t have at least grey flair (1+ confirmed trade). Also keep in mind that people in other regions may be able to buy the game for less money than you. You can’t always make a profit if you buy games and try to sell them later. More on that later.
An item that is generally regarded as the main currency on this subreddit are the CS:GO Case Keys. There are multiple versions and more are being added every once in a while. Most of them have the same price and are worth about the same. The only exception that is always worth the least is called the CS:GO Case Key. Some traders won’t accept those if they simply ask for keys. The other keys usually go for $2,50 on the Steam Market. To traders they are worth about $2,25 in Steam Wallet. This is due to Valve taking 15% from every Steam Market sale. If you buy these keys from the Steam Market, you have to wait 7 days before they become tradable. Be sure to stock up on these if you want to make a trade.
Link: http://steamcommunity.com/market/search?q=case+key
There is another key. That is the TF2 Key also known as the Mann Co. Supply Crate Key. These are always worth less than CS:GO Case Keys, and most traders don’t accept them because of that. You can ask if they do or they may mention they accept them. These keys also have a 7-day waiting period before becoming tradable.
Link: http://steamcommunity.com/market/listings/440/Mann%20Co.%20Supply%20Crate%20Key
Another item that is worth some money that is traded sometimes are trading cards. You get trading cards by playing games. Not all games have trading cards though and the amount you get is different for each game. They are not worth much, so they are usually traded in big numbers or in sets. A set is all the different trading cards of a game that are required to craft a badge. Possible example here? Be aware that trading cards may also have a 7-day waiting period before they become tradable.
Lots of other items have value too and can be traded for other items, but the demand for those items is lower. Examples of these items are CS:GO skins, TF2 weapons and Dota 2 items.
